Offline acc (#2587)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/migrations/3.5.0_3.5.0plus.md

* The default room config is still the same, i.e. `roomname` (default: `"Untitled"`) and `subject` (empty string).
* The room config representation in databases (both Mnesia and RDBMS) is the same; no need for migration.

## Offline storage

> In this version offline storage entries contains one additional information for internal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version the offline storage entries contain one additional information for internal use.
```

> Riak and mnesia backends doesn't require any change when upgrading to this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Riak and mnesia backends don't require any changes when upgrading to this version.
```

> In case of RDBMS backends, new column needs to be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of the RDBMS backends, a new column needs to be added.
```
